[Music]
this is from the woman at the bar sorry
she thought you were somebody else
1 7:15 watch doesn't work Tommy supposed
to be here soon we're going to lunch
look look I wasn't gonna say anything to
you but alright I don't think you should
be seeing Tommy anymore you don't know
the guy is mean I mean really mean I
think you should stay away from him
hmm or maybe I should stay away from all
men it's not just because I'm jealous
okay look the guy he screamed he
actually screamed at this couple sitting
in our seats yeah at the end of the play
he he got up you know and he just
started like banging his hands together
okay fine fine you don't want to believe
me no it's fine
mr. funny to you mr. whoa oh sorry
Tom what's in the cup Ross what is in
the cup okay it's coffee iced coffee
tell me it's iced coffee it's hot hot
coffee gonna spill my coffee all over me
huh what are you just a big dumb stupid
don't be idiot with a hairdo
[Music]
going to the beach when it stays light
real late I don't know probably the
smell of freshly cut grass that's a good
one
hey you mind if I use the phone
ouch use arts across the hall because
she has problems oh oh sorry Tommy I
almost spilled this hot coffee on you
buddy get in no but it SID since it's
hot
Ross would you just stop it it's getting
really old I can't believe no one
believes me I do I believe you you do
Pheebs yeah but I also believed her when
she said I was next
hey there little fella
just as fuzzy man hey Dylan creature oh
look at me I'm so cute I'm a little
chick who's disgusting how are you not
yet extinct quickly what are you
quacking about dumb Donald dodo
step away from the duck I'm sorry mr.
chickadee so you went through to you my
hand well I guess we're not going out
anymore Phoebe it's been two days and I
know good thing it's one of those 801
numbers right Phoebe 800 is toll-free
801 is Utah no no no no it has to be 800
because all those big companies have 800
numbers everything yeah every big
utah-based company has Phoebe sorry I'm
so sorry I will pay you back and yet
she's still not hanging up the phone
what well I think I broke it
[Applause]
but that's alright here's the number you
can come